docs: Clarify parseFromString behaviour (#25204)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domparser/parsefromstring/index.md

    The other valid values (`text/xml`, `application/xml`, `application/xhtml+xml`, and `image/svg+xml`) are functionally equivalent. They all invoke the XML parser, and the method will return a {{domxref("XMLDocument")}}.

    Any other value is invalid and will cause a [`TypeError`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypeError) to be thrown.

> Any `script` element gets marked non-executable and the contents of `noscript` get parsed as markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any {{HTMLElement("script")}} element gets marked non-executable, and the contents of {{HTMLElement("noscript")`}} are parsed as markup.
```

Also though I think this should be immediately after:

> A value of text/html will invoke the HTML parser, and the method will return an [HTMLDocument](https://pr25204.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDocument).

...like

> A value of text/html will invoke the HTML parser, and the method will return an [HTMLDocument](https://pr25204.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDocument). Any {{HTMLElement("script")}} element gets marked non-executable, and the contents of {{HTMLElement("noscript")`}} are parsed as markup.

...because this is specific to HTML AFAICT.

> Any {{HTMLElement("script")}} element gets marked non-executable, and the contents of {{HTMLElement("noscript")`}} are parsed as markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any {{HTMLElement("script")}} element gets marked non-executable, and the contents of {{HTMLElement("noscript")}} are parsed as markup.
```

    The other valid values (`text/xml`, `application/xml`, `application/xhtml+xml`, and `image/svg+xml`) are functionally equivalent. They all invoke the XML parser, and the method will return a {{domxref("XMLDocument")}}.

    Any other value is invalid and will cause a [`TypeError`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypeError) to be thrown.
    

>     Any `script` element get marked unexecutable and the contents of `noscript` get parsed as markup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Any `script` element gets marked inexecutable and the contents of `noscript` get parsed as markup.
```

Reviewer: Could we say "non-executable"?

Author: Done @wbamberg :)

>     
>     Any `script` element gets marked non-executable and the contents of `noscript` get parsed as markup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any `script` element gets marked non-executable and the contents of `noscript` get parsed as markup.
```
